docs: add registry update checklist and guidance (#619)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-compile-instrumentation: docs/instrument-guide.md

make test-integration
```

## 4. Register the Instrumentation

> If applicable, create a PR to add the instrumentation to the OpenTelemetry registry in the `opentelemetry.io` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your PR adds a new user-facing instrumentation, create a PR to add the instrumentation to the OpenTelemetry registry in the `opentelemetry.io` repository.
```
